docs: update plugin example description (#360)
posva/pinia-colada: docs/advanced/plugins.md

### Adding a `dataUpdatedAt` property to queries

The `dataUpdatedAt` property indicates the timestamp of the most recent data update. There are two ways to implement this:

> The most simple approach is to track timestamps locally within components by watching the query result:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The simplest approach is to track timestamps locally within components by watching the query result:
```
